[DOCS] Adds warning to model import docs about using models only from trusted sources (#804)
elastic/eland: README.md

### NLP with PyTorch

> [!WARNING]  

> > Untrusted models can execute arbitrary code on your {{es}} server, exposing your cluster to remote code execution (RCE) vulnerabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
> PyTorch models can execute code on your {{es}} server, exposing your cluster to potential security vulnerabilities.
```
